Create ui-c8y-1023-14-66-provided-examples-to-computed-properties-tab-in-asset-properties-selector-in.md (#4206)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-66-provided-examples-to-computed-properties-tab-in-asset-properties-selector-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Provided examples to computed properties tab in asset properties selector in Codex. [GRAFT][release/y2026] (#11092)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Computed properties examples added to asset properties selector in the Codex
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65937
version: 1023.14.66
---

> Codex deployed to https://cumulocity.com/codex had no examples of computed properties. Examples have been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asset properties selector in the [Computed property hook section](https://cumulocity.com/codex/advanced-development/hooks/computed-property-hook/overview#example) in the Codex previously did not include any examples for computed properties, making it difficult for users to understand how to use this feature. Examples have now been added to the **Computed properties** tab in the asset properties selector, providing clear guidance on how to work with computed properties. This improvement helps users better understand and utilize computed properties when configuring assets in the Codex.
```
